
1. Why are you interested in the job?

I'm looking for a data science job. The job that you offer fits my background (foreign trade major in college + data science msc )

2. What do you hope to get out of it?

If by it you mean the job, I hope to get money, more data science experience and some software/backend related experience.

3. What can you uniquely contribute to the team?

I am not unique, and I don't know (yet) about people in the team. The team can take a look at my notebook(s) and get the answer themselves.

4. In the same document, give a short description of the three accomplishments
(personal or professional) that you are most proud of.

I successfully fought agains back pain with sciatica which hindered my movement and caused constant pain. I attribute that success to the pullup exercise.

I can bench 100kg (one rep max). Pretty dangerous since I train at home with no spotter, in my tiny home gym (I live alone).

Finally I am very proud about losing 10 then gaining 20kg during and after the pandemic. A lot of involuntary eating was involved. The gained weight improves my appearance.

5. Can you describe a project which you led (or were involved) and you had to work
with different stakeholders and encountered a difficult situation that threatened
delivery of expectations? What was the project, what was the difficult situation, why
was it difficult, what did you do that made a difference?

In my lates project, I worked in a team of 4. Other than the standar technical technical stuff, there's one time when I had to convince a company board member (a new guy, located in Europe) for openAI API budget. We all agreed that we needed the API to get synthetic datasets, since the data vendor failed to do their job.

I had to be very responsive and assisted the guy with the confusing billing format of openAI, but it's not just that. I had to face some hot water from my local boss, who insisted on using the free alternatives and thought that I was trying to exploit the company. Though I had every reason to be offended, I kept it professional and explained to him that we cannot host some 7-B LLM model on my laptop, and that buying/hiring GPUs were not a good idea. Thinking about my teammates, whom I am still
very close with, helped me get through that unpleasant experience. We got the API and delivered the project in time, that was all that mattered.


6. Can you describe a routine task that is part of your key result area which you do not
like? What is this task, what are the results expected from you, why do you not like it,
what do you do to get the task done?

I've never felt that way about any thing I do. Each day I stumble on new ways to do the same things.

7. Can you describe a situation where you had a task to be completed but did not have
all the information you need to deliver a good job? What was the task, what was the
situation, how did you go about the challenges?

All the time. The coding test for this job was an example. I asked for more information but was not given much to worked with. Still have to deliver. In case the result was not good, at least I got the codes that can be re-used for other stuff. That's the best I could do (within 3 days while working a full-time job).

8. Given the following corporate values: solicitude, excellence, respect, ingenuity with
integrity, and teamwork choose one strength that you have and describe a critical
incident to show why this was your strength; also, choose one development
opportunity for you and describe a critical incident that highlights why this is a
development opportunity

The question doesn't make sense to me. A corporate value and a personal strenght are different concepts.
I value critical thinking and freedom of ideas, none of which is present in your bundle of fancy words. Doesn't mean I disrespect all of the corporate values. I just got super bored and exhausted thinking about it. I'm not a kid nor a young student. I do not reflect everyday on how I got to be the man I am today. Because there's no magical incident can facilitate that but daily practice. If you want to be excellence, practice. If you want to be more comfortable for people to be around,
practice. If you want to be inventive, practice. Do it everyday.  You might never got there, but you will be a little better than who you are yesterday.
Because the incident that you think is critical might never come.
I seriously hope my answers don't come across as personal attacks (to whomever wrote/approved them). I'm just discussing ideas here.
